!Xcursor.theme: whiteglass

xlogin*login.translations: #override \
	Ctrl<Key>R: abort-display()\n\
	<Key>F1: set-session-argument(failsafe) finish-field()\n\
	<Key>Delete: delete-character()\n\
	<Key>Left: move-backward-character()\n\
	<Key>Right: move-forward-character()\n\
	<Key>Home: move-to-begining()\n\
	<Key>End: move-to-end()\n\
	Ctrl<Key>KP_Enter: set-session-argument(failsafe) finish-field()\n\
	<Key>KP_Enter: set-session-argument() finish-field()\n\
	Ctrl<Key>Return: set-session-argument(failsafe) finish-field()\n\
	<Key>Return: set-session-argument() finish-field()

xlogin.Login.background: #2b3339
xlogin.Login.foreground: #d3c6aa
xlogin.Login.greetColor: #d3c6aa
xlogin.Login.inpColor: #2b3339
xlogin.Login.promtColor: #2b3339
xlogin.Login.hiColor: #d3c6aa
xlogin.Login.shdColor: #d3c6aa

xlogin*shdColor: #2b3339
xlogin*hiColor: #504e4e
xlogin*background: #2b3339
xlogin*foreground: #d3c6aa
xlogin*greetColor: #8cc080
xlogin*failColor: #e67e80
*Foreground: #d3c6aa
*Background: #2b3339

xlogin*useShape: true
xlogin*logoPadding: 10
xlogin*greeting: CLIENTHOST
xlogin*borderWidth: 0

xlogin.Login.face: CozetteVector
xlogin.Login.failFace: CozetteVector
xlogin.Login.greetFace: CozetteVector
xlogin.Login.promptFace: CozetteVector

xlogin.Login.logoFileName: /usr/share/pixmaps/arch.xpm
xlogin.Login.logoPadding: 8

xlogin.Login.namePrompt: login
xlogin.Login.passwdPrompt: password
xlogin.Login.fail: lmao no
xlogin.Login.echoPasswd: false

xlogin.Login.Height: 300
xlogin.Login.Width: 500
xlogin.Login.x: 90
xlogin.Login.y: 300
xlogin.login.frameWidth: 0
xlogin.login.innerFramesWidth: 1
xlogin.login.sepWidth: 0

! xclock !
!xclock.face: CozetteVector
!xclock.dateFace: CozetteVector
! set in Xsetup_0
xclock.dateGeom: +780+320
xclock.background: #2b3339
xclock.foreground: #d3c6aa
xclock.borderWidth: 0
xclock.Clock.analog: false
xclock.Clock.chime: false
xclock.Clock.render: true
xclock.Clock.twentyfour: true
xclock.Clock.update: 10

! xmessage !
xmessage*background: #2b3339
xmessage*foreground: #d3c6aa
xmessage*borderWidth: 0
xmessage*face: CozetteVector
xmessage*scrollHorizontal: Never
xmessage*scrollVertical: Never
xmessage*timeout: 0



